docs: replace TBD with a meaningful message (#178)
Innoactive/Creator: .Documentation/articles/developer/TBD-06-localization.md

# Localization

Hi! You found a secret chapter!

> This is a topic that we want to write about, but we just had no time for it yet. You can take a look at our [API documentation](https://developers.innoactive.de/documentation/creator/v2.4.1/api/Innoactive.Creator.Core.Internationalization.html) instead and then ask your questions in our [community](http://innoactive.io/creator/community). One of us developers will directly respond.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a topic that we want to write about, but we just had no time for it yet. You can take a look at our [API documentation](https://developers.innoactive.de/documentation/creator/latest/api/Innoactive.Creator.Core.Internationalization.html) instead and then ask your questions in our [community](http://innoactive.io/creator/community). One of us developers will directly respond.
```

# Localization

Hi! You found a secret chapter!

This is a topic that we want to write about, but we just had no time for it yet. 

In the meantime you can find more information about the localization feature in the [Text to Speech Engine (TTS)](12-text-to-speech.md) and [Audio Behaviors](../innoactive-creator/default-behaviors.md#audioplay-audio-file) articles.

> Besides, you can take a look at our [API documentation](https://developers.innoactive.de/documentation/creator/latest/api/Innoactive.Creator.Core.Internationalization.html) instead and then ask your questions in our [community](http://innoactive.io/creator/community). One of us developers will directly respond.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Besides, you can take a look at our [API documentation](https://developers.innoactive.de/documentation/creator/latest/api/Innoactive.Creator.Core.Internationalization.html) instead and then ask your questions in our [community](http://innoactive.io/creator/community). One of our developers will directly respond.
```
